Hakdama
To The Tune of: The Search (JEP II, Shalsheles Jr. I)
The great Beis Hamikdash has fallen- it’s gone-
Our nation is scattered from where we belong;
It’s been thousands of years, and it’s very hard
We forget how we need it, how very far we are.

With the comforts and luxuries our culture provides,
The thought we’re in galus is scarcely kept alive,
And even gedolim, mevakshei Hashem
Struggle to remember the glory that was then.

Chorus:
It’s been so, so long- it’s hard to recall
The glory that’s gone- we don’t hear the call
Of oy libanim shehigleisi-
Galus is not how we were meant to be.
End of Chorus.

We all have to mourn, we all shed a tear,
Not just by Tishah B’av, but through the whole year;
And even our learning will never suffice
If the thought of the Mikdash does not bring our cries.

Umipnei chata’einu gilinu-
So, while you are crying, think what to do
To bring back the Mikdash, now in our days,
Bimheirah biyimeinu, amen.

Chorus.

1, 2
To The Tune of: Man from Vilna (Journeys IV)
Imagine there’s a father who loves his children so,
But his children have been wicked, and so he must make them go;
How they wish that they could see him, and not have to live alone,
But their sins have kept them distant; they’re banished from his home.

And, though he does provide them with everything they need,
They know that at his table, there was always more to eat;
Never did they struggle, for life was better then,
And how they wish to come right back, and live with him again.

Chorus:
We are children who’ve been exiled from our father’s home
And now we cannot see him, as we stray and roam;
All our worries and our troubles, our problems and our needs,
If we were in his presence, would surely cease to be.
End of Chorus.

The struggles and the troubles are only tafel to
The spiritual distance that’s felt by every Jew;
We’ve lost so many mitzvos- they can’t be done these days,
And we have no Nevi’im, to help us fix our ways.

Our aveiros grow and multiply, and don’t get wiped away
For we have no korbanos that can be brought these days;
Our ruchniyus is far less, than it was back then,
And we’re so far and distant from the palace of Hashem.

Chorus.

We are souls clothed in a body- our neshama’s in control,
And caring for ourselves should mean we’re caring for our soul-
That’s why the Beis Hamikdash is beis chayeinu
Because it gives a ruchni life to every soul of every jew.

The geula that will come will be redemption of the soul,
For only in its closeness to Hashem are we made whole;
With the Beis Hamikdash, we’ll come back once again,
And we will be geulim, connected to Hashem.

Chorus.

3
To The Tune of: Baruch Hamakom (Ruach)
When the world came to be,
Eretz Yisroel was its seed;
From Eretz Yisroel, the whole world did come
Mimenu hushsas haolam.

Kayin and Hevel, Yitzchak and Yishmael,
Yaakov and Eisav as well,
Fought over who would inherit this land,
A land that is holy and is grand.

Chorus:
Eretz Yisroel is the land
Directly controlled by Hashem’s own hand
Bnei Yisroel is the am
Directly controlled by Hashem

Eretz Yisroel is the place
Where we’re standing before Hashem’s face;
To all of our avos, it came guaranteed-
The right place for every Jew to be.
End of Chorus.

All of Bereishis was written just
To show that this land was meant for us;
Hashem gave this land in brissim galore,
For us, for forevermore.

We got this land not only so
We’d have a place to flourish and grow,
But rather ‘cause this land is holy and pure-
Perfect for yidden, for sure.

Chorus.

A malach runs every land,
Implementing Hashem’s grand plan,
But Eretz Yisroel is different than them-
Run directly by Hashem.

Every nation is run, as well,
By a malach, Chazal do tell,
But Am Yisroel is different than them-
Run directly by Hashem.

It is precisely because of this
That this land forever is
The place that is closest to our King,
The place that will bring us close to Him.

Because this land is holy and pure,
We must be so cautious and so sure
Never to sin, for a sin is this place
Is sinning before Hashem’s face.

Chorus.

Yefeh nof mesos kol haaretz
Yerushalayim’s holy, and always gets
A beauty so high that it sparkles and shines-
- A city with beauty so sublime.

Yerushalayim has an extra bit
Of Hashem’s hashpaah over it;
Hashem watches over all that is done
Vhayu eini vilibi sham.

Chorus.

Since this land was given for
Its power to help us, to make us pure,
We see what was lost in the land today-
We don’t let the Shechinah lead the way.

We should love our holy land
Not just for our national plans,
But because it’s holy, and it brings us to
The mitzvos that we love to do.

Chorus.

4
To The Tune Of: Ein Aroch (Traditional)
After a person goes to shamayim,
A question determines what is his fate-
They ask him tzipiza layishua-
For Bias Mashiach did you await?

For thousands of years, we’ve begged for his coming,
Our nation has never, and never will, stop
Asking Hashem to redeem us and save us
And each little drop might bring it to the top.

Chorus:
Striving and waiting, begging and praying,
For the day the geula will come;
Wishing and dreaming, dearly awaiting
The day when Hashem and His name will be one.
End of Chorus.

We should want Mashiach for gilui haschinah,
For on his coming, Hashem will be known;
But there can be many reasons to want him,
Not just for gilui haschinah alone

Our physical gains will be truly tremendous,
All our troubles will vanish and go;
All of our ruchniyus will be much easier;
Hashem will make sure that we thrive and we grow.

Chorus.

5
To The Tune of: Ani Maamin (Pirchei)
When Mashiach comes, he’ll bring back the malchus again
Rebuild the Beis Hamikdash, restore faith in Hashem.
He’ll bring back to our land the exiles of Yisroel,
We’ll fight Hashem’s milchamah, and all will treat us well.

Chorus:
When Mashiach does arrive,
Our ruchniyus will grow and thrive,
With all the mitzvos we can do,
With the coming of Mashiach tzidkeinu.
End of Chorus.

The parah will return, tumah and taharah too,
Sandrehin and avodah will quickly be renewed.
We’ll thirst for dvar Hashem, and learning will be better then,
Our whole life will be only shivti b’veis Hashem.

Chorus.

6
To The Tune Of: Second Chance (Baruch Levine)
We lost our home, not by Bavel or Rome, by our own mistakes-
Though we learned and prayed, and tzedakah we gave, we were filled with cheit,
for though we outwardly did chessed, our hearts still held hate,
it was sinas chinam that would seal our fate.

Chorus:
We must love our friends, and dwell in peace together,
Even though we may be different-
This can bring the Beis Hamikdash back forever,-
We must love our fellow friends;
They’re precious to Hashem-
Ahavas chinam.
End of chorus.

Every soul has a purpose and role that Hashem bestows,
With traits and skills that will help it fulfill all its plans and goals;
And that’s why we’re all made different, we all need to see-
Though we’re not the same, we’re how we’re meant to be.

Chorus.

And even when one’s defying Hashem, try hard not to hate,
For you never know what has made him do so, what has made him stray;
And, even when you’re certain he has no excuse-
Well, remember that you are imperfect, too.

Chorus.

If we unite, we will all have the might to again rebuild;
Our goals and dreams, all our fantasies, will be soon fulfilled.
Though we may have our own drachim, we need unity
To build the Beis Hamikdash Hashlishi.

Chorus.

7
To The Tune of: Midvar Sheker Tirchak (Marvelous Middos machine)
Though the Mikdash is destroyed it still remains-
In the heart of every yid, a Mikdash can be made.
No one else can ever touch or harm this place;
In our hearts this Beis Hamikdash always always stays.

Chorus:
There’s a Mikdash we can build, right inside our heart,
A Mikdash that is holy that will never fall apart.
Torah is the building block from which it must be made,
And when we learn its holy words, the Shechinah comes to stay.
End of Chorus.

Limud Torah builds the Mikdash deep inside,
The Shechinah now is only found by Limud Torah’s side.
The more one feels the Torah brings the Shechinah in,
The stronger power it will have to bring Hashem in him.

Chorus.

8
To The Tune of: Reach out (JEP II)
In King Dovid’s days, there arose a great plague,
As an onesh, as a degree-
They should have relentlessly begged from Hashem
To build the Mikdash they need.

We once had a Mikdash, but it’s been destroyed,
And we see how much we have lost-
We must be toveah, and we must demand
The binyan Beis Hamikdash.

Chorus:
Cry out, beseech, and beg and implore,
To build the Mikdash anew,
cry out to Him, and then plead with Him more-
shaarei dmaos lo ninalu.
End of Chorus.

In the zchus of our tears, we will soon be redeemed-
Bibechi yavou-
The gates of tears will never be closed-
There’s nothing tears cannot do.

And don’t ever feel you’re too small, you’re too weak,
And your tears will not do a bit;
For they will combine with the millions of tears
We’ve cried while praying for it.

Chorus.

9
To The Tune of: The Mikeitz song (613 Torah Avenue)
Low:
When Mashiach’s finally here,
There will be much joy and cheer;
Nechama for everyone
On all of the painful actions done.

High:
The millions who died, and met a nasty end,
Will have nechama from Hashem;
Anochi anochi hu minachemcham
For all of our tzaar, we will thank Hashem.

Low:
Before Mashiach has arrived,
We get nechama when we realize-
Olem hazeh is not the goal-
There’s another life in store for the soul.

High:
In olam haba, the soul lives on-
Never will it fade, for it never can be gone-
The pleasure that it has the guf can never know,
As all of its schar is lovingly bestowed.

Low:
And all who died will live again
With tchias hameisim from Hashem;
Like a seed that surely sprouts,
We from our graves will quickly bounce.

High:
When we keep in mind the life we’ll leave behind
is not forever, we will surely find
We’ll strive to up the pace, we’ll spend our nights and days,
Doing all the mitzvos, and following His ways.




